---
title: "Who"
description: "Who Is Camp?"
date: '2025-02-26'
tags: ["aboutus"]
---

## Who We Are

Over the years, our camp organizers have been continually impressed and
creatively inspired by the myriad bike iterations on playa. From impressive
burner bikes to pedal-powered art cars, so much can be done on two (or more)
wheels. The Burn doesn't need another bike repair camp, so with more than 10
years of camp organizing experience between us, we decided we wanted to create
a camp dedicated just to the weird and wacky things we can do on a bike that
don't involve fixing them.

We encourage camp visitors to think outside the bike when both getting around
playa and when using their bikes as more than just a method of transportation.
Not all enjoyment of bikes need to be an active pursuit; our bike-themed hangout
space invites bar guests and passersby to sit and stay and relax.

We wanted to create a camp that allowed the time and flexibility to still enjoy
the event at its fullest. There are no early morning meetings or events, you can
pick and choose your own event shifts, and build is done by Monday at the
latest. You will need to strike, but the rest of the event is what you want it
to be.

## Who You Are

While you should be familiar with and adhere to the 10 Principles, there are a
few call outs that our camp looks for in members, and we ask you to think deeply
if this description applies to you.

### Radical Self-reliance

Our camp was formed from a group of individuals who wanted to focus their time
and efforts on our shared gift to playa, not cushy camp provisions. As such, we
expect each camp mate to be responsible for their own personal needs on playa,
such as personal shade, water, generators/power, and food. Our dues are lower
than most campâ€™s because of this focus on self-reliance.

### Participation

While there is some flexibility in camp responsibilities to tailor to individual
skill sets, each camp member is expected to participate in some capacity in all
stages of camp: pre-burn planning and building, on playa interactivity, and
strike. Strike is mandatory, and we do it together.

### Immediacy

If you have ever considered yourself an influencer, this is not the camp for
you. We encourage campers to put away their phones and be fully present, both
for the event and with other camp mates.
